.TH GIT-COVERAGE "1" "2025-05-13" "git-coverage 0.2.1" "Git Manual"
.
.SH NAME
git-coverage \- Open test coverage uploaded to \fBcodecov\fP in a web browser.
.
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B
git coverage [\fIoptions\fP]
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBgit-coverage\fP program opens test coverage results uploaded to \fBcodecov\fP using \fIgit-remote\fP(1) details.
.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.
.IP "-h, --help"
Print these usage details.
.IP "--branch"
Fetch changes to inspect. Default: "main"
.IP "--path"
.nf
Show a specific file. Default: "."
.IP "--remote"
Pick an upstream project. Default: "origin"
.
.
.SH EXIT STATUS
An exit code of \fB0\fP is returned if a link to coverage results on \fBcodecov\fP can be constructed.
.sp 2
If the browser cannot be opened a link to coverage results is output to \fBstdout\fP before exiting.
.sp 2
Errors in \fIgit\fP(1) configurations or provided flag \fIoptions\fP exits with a non-zero error code.
.
.
.SH STANDARDS
The latest release of \fBgit\fP is recommended.
.
.
.SH HISTORY
\fIhttps://github.com/zimeg/git-coverage/releases/\fP
.
.
.SH EXAMPLES
.
.IP "$ git coverage"
Open test coverage results for the current project in a web browser.
.
.IP "$ git coverage --branch dev --path src/main.zig"
Open test coverage results for a specific file on a certain branch.
.
.IP "$ git coverage --remote upstream"
Open test coverage results for changes of some upstream repository.
.
.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
\fIhttps://github.com/zimeg/git-coverage/issues/\fP
.
.
.SH COPYRIGHT
\fBgit-coverage\fP is licensed under the MIT license and is not affiliated with or endorsed by Codecov.
.
.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fIgit-remote\fP(1)
.nf
\fIhttps://about.codecov.io/\fP
